sensortile_box_pro board: add sample to upgrade BlueNRG SoC firmware (#74255)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/st/sensortile_box_pro/doc/index.rst

certain standard or vendor class, e.g. a CDC, a mass storage or a composite device with both
functions.

BlueNRG-LP chip
===============

> The board is equipped with a ST Microelectronics `BlueNRG-LP`_ chip. Before using this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The board is equipped with an ST Microelectronics `BlueNRG-LP`_ chip. Before using this
```

Author: Sorry, I missed it. I'll review your inputs carefully tomorrow.

Reviewer 2: "STMicroelectronics" is attached, no!?

Author: > "STMicroelectronics" is attached, no!?

Oh yes. Thanks for noticing it. I'll correct it

> functionality on zephyr a chip f/w upgrade may be necessary. Please follow the information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
functionality on Zephyr, a firmware upgrade of the chip may be necessary. Please follow the information
```

> on :ref:`sensortile_box_pro_sample_ble_fwupg` sample.

Reviewer: use `:zephyr:code-sample:` to reference once you've update the sample's readme to use the code-sample directive

Author: ack
